All right so RE MAX consecutive Some what's our objective here.
Well we want to know what is the max number Windgate if we add two numbers together or caid numbers
together and so you'll see here we have in our example an array of numbers with Keiko's shoes so you'll
see two series Five Three plus five say five plus on a 6 on plus six or seven.
And so our math our highest consecutive sum based off of the number that we're getting here of k is
in fact 8.
All right let's go ahead and solve this one.
I don't really have any hints for this one.
You just have to you know understand what they're asking and be able to iterate through a couple times.
All right so the way I solve this was I created two variables here one called some initialises to zero
and one called Max initializers is there.
And what we're eventually going to return is our max value.
Now I started off by iterating through the array here for my cats closing cupboards opening hours.
So we're just letting them of input array.
And we're going to take notes.
So some sequels to No.
All right.
We're going to get that Max sum and then we're just going to initialize the value here.
And so now that we have that we'll go ahead and set max equal to some very nice.
Now the next thing that we have to do is we have to take into consideration that K and we're going to
start by slowly minus seeing the values from that array like so.
So we're going to have a for loop.
So what I equal to we're going to start off OK.
And then we're going to say Well I it's less than the input array length plus plus call.
Now what we want to do is want a minus equal some from that value in the input array of minus K..
This will give us the ability once we then add the next value.
So we're taking off values Cahoot.
We can only have so many values in there and this will give us a value here so some Plus equals input
array.
And now that we've done that and we've added new value in myself really what we're going to do from
here is all we have to do is just do a simple statement say look if the sum is greater than the max.
Go ahead and set max equal to some
and we're done at the end.
And that was that was it a lot.
I feel like my logic is a little bit flawed in here in the shuffle.
A better way to solve this.
But at the end of the day this worked in this past you know the 20 tests we only have one test year.
But when I did pass the 20 or so actually that's they're turning their own over
my nooner on here.
Oh whoops I mean a little bit of an error in my logic here.
I changed this by mistake.
And so this is actually needs to only iterate.
So the reason that we have this first for loop.
So we're just getting the value we're initializing the value of the max here.
And so we're are say well I was listening K plus plus.
And now here we have input array and pass and I
go a little bit of a.
That makes a lot more sense.
So we're let's go through logic one time because we made some mistakes here.
We are creating two values one is some.
And one is the max value.
We're then going to find the consecutive numbers up to K to initialize our max value.
We are then going to start off AK because we're already there and minus that value then add another
one.
And then we're going to do a check to see if we want to reset it and then go through the whole array
and finally return the max.
I got a little lost there and here and I'm sorry if that's a little bit confusing but here let's go
ahead and move on to the next one.